# SNHU-CS-250
Software Development Lifecycle

The Product Owner on an Agile team is responsible for talking with the client and with a sampling of intended users about what needs are to be fulfilled by the development team's code. After hearing from the client and their users, the Product Owner creates a sketched out "user story," which each outlines a specific need of the end user. After creating the user story, it is placed within a "product backlog," which lists many user stories within it, each placed in order of their supposed importance to the client and their users. User stories are then pulled off the stack one at a time by the development team, and consecutively worked on within the timeframe of a sprint, which is generally taken to be two weeks, but can be any timeframe the Agile team decides upon. During the period of the sprint, the development team works through its product backlog's user stories, trying to get them to a state of being, "done." Done means it is acceptably coded, and working as expected, but just barely. The Scrum Master is involved in keeping the user stories up to date with the needs of the client and their users by managing the product backlog in accordance with what has transpired during the meetings with the Product Owner and the client. The Scrum Master then notifies the development team when there are relevant changes made to the product backlog. Testers and developers work in tandem to create functional code in accordance with the user story they are working on.
